Well, I'm not going to take a lot of your time just talking.
I feel an urge to pray.
We have a lot of work to do and we'll do it really quickly and then I'll let you go on your way.
But I feel like many hands make light work.
I was going to take the night off last night.
I was tired after the video we did.
You know, a lot of it's interesting; as we were praying, I was thinking it was over and then the Lord took us down the river so quickly, showing us so much.
And it's interesting because we had 8,000 total the whole time.
Braden said, "Dad, people started leaving.
" By the time 1,500 people left, the glory started.
I was able to see over in Cuba and we were down in the sixes, and I think it's interesting that people want to rush things and want to microwave it.
There's no microwaving the things of the Lord when you're praying and you're flowing with the Holy Spirit.
We're just yielded to Him.
This is His thing.
And it's amazing, the ones that are in a hurry.
I know you have to go to work, a lot of you, but around the world there are a lot of times that He'll wait until I'm just right at the last here lately.
And then it's like, boom.
And I'm like, "Where'd that come from?
" You know, it's interesting.
We laugh about it.
Braden goes, "You are getting ready to close.
" I go, "Yep.
" So, to you that are here now, let's go over some of the things we saw last night.
Now, I don't even really know where to start with it, but Braden has some things here he wanted to show you that he found in the news today.
And so, we're going to go over that real quick.
We'll talk a little bit about it.
I'll take less than 30 minutes.
So, let's go.
25 minutes now.
That's all we have.
I'm going to tell you: "Putin is preparing for Pearl Harbor in space.
Nuclear attack, US military chief warns.
" What is that all about, Braden?
Does he want to nuke our—does he want to mess up our satellites?
Obviously, something about the satellites probably since there's a picture of a satellite.
So, if he sends off some kind of something, it'll mess up our stuff.
But Putin is doing something that's kind of interesting.
Good find.
Next: "Preparing for a Pearl Harbor in space: nuclear attack.
" Okay.
"Putin is preparing for a Pearl Harbor in space.
Nuclear attack.
US military chief warns.
" Wonder what that's all about.
We'll have to look more into that.
Okay.
Next.
Let's go back to the lady.
Well, she's probably talking about Coinbase.
Yes.
Okay, let's watch that.
You want to watch this?
This is about Coinbase.
I can understand the banks being upset with Coinbase and other companies because they were forced to accept this.
I think, initially, many of the banks were saying, "Well, no, you know, we're going to get there, but we're not there yet.
" Yeah.
Look, interestingly we have actually a partnership with some of the biggest banks around the world, including the biggest US banks, because they understand the future is tokenization and stable coins.
They're looking for a partner to build with.
We're excited to be the partner of the biggest banks.
But the beltway is a funny place, Maria.
As you know, there's a bit of a disconnect with what we see in DC and what we see with their business folks.
Yeah, I think we'll be able to resolve that.
The banks are critical as a part of this on-chain future.
I think there's a lot of opportunities for them.
We want to help them get there and I think we're excited about that.
So right now you can pay rewards if you're part of a membership program.
Real quick, explain where you're expecting clarity to land.
So the law of the land is if a customer has a balance on our account, we can pay them a reward.
The banks have got really concerned about this.
They said, "No, no, there has to be some activity before you qualify for the reward.
" We've conceded that point.
It's just a matter of how the fine print looks, and I think we'll get there.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah.
They want to have it passed before the end of May.
If they don't get it passed before the end of May, they're saying they won't get it passed until 2027 because of the fact that we're in an election year, midterms, and people are going to start campaigning and a lot of things won't get done.
So, if that's the case, they're saying that a lot of Congress people are not going to be voting on things.
So, they have until the end of May to get this done is what they're saying.
If not, we'll go into 2027, which is a crime.
That's pathetic.
But Clarity Act breakthrough.
Why JP Morgan says the US crypto rulebook is close to completion.
That's pretty neat.
He was the one holding the—remember I told you he's holding the rocket?
He was holding it with him and two other bank guys: Bank of America, the CEO of Bank of America, and one over Wells Fargo and Chase Bank.
So JP Morgan is holding it and holding the rocket trying to control what it was going to do, and so he's on board.
It sounds like he is excited maybe.
So that's kind of neat.
Good find.
Go ahead.
Anything else?
Okay, this is kind of cool.
He told me about this: "How to see three planets line up in a dramatic display in the April sky.
" So on Saturday—Friday evening going into Saturday—we're having an unusual planetary alignment on the 18th and it will look pretty cool from what I understand.
You'll have to be up early in the morning when the sun is getting ready to come up.
But Jupiter, Venus, and—right.
Okay.
Jupiter on the left, Venus on the right, and the moon cluster above.
So it's started already from what I understand, but it'll be the best it can be on the 18th.
Okay.
That's right.
Yeah.
So, it's some kind of planetary alignment.
And the best day is the 18th.
The day the Lord circled and he said, "Brandon, watch the 18th.
This is a major significant day.
" What is this?
"See, do you see all this right here?
What is the planet parade?
" That's pretty neat, huh?
That's on the 18th.
The Lord said, "Watch this day.
It's a very significant day," and pray for Coachella, pray for Justin, pray for all these other events.
And then he showed us about all those tragic events that have taken place in the past.
Praying over our oil wells, our oil derricks, our oil plants, our gas plants, praying over our president, praying over these people that—all this terrorist activity, praying over the NBA playoffs because they start on the 18th.
And then this—and I think this is the coolest thing.
This is signs in the heavens.
As of April 1, the Lord said, "Great signs in the heavens.
" Look, he said, "An acceleration of things.
" And then when Braden found this, somebody sent this to him, I guess.
And so Braden got this and he said, "Daddy, this is pretty cool.
The 18th.
" And so, can you move it down so they can see the planets?
Isn't that neat?
I get into all that stuff.
I'm just like, "Lord, oh, what a—" like Sister Billy always says, "Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.
" This is not coincidence.
The Lord circled it.
He circled it before me in the vision: 18th.
Look and pray over this day.
It's very significant.
The Red Cross.
Pray over the Boston Marathon on the 20th.
Pray over Coachella.
Pray over the NBA.
Pray over 89ers Day parade in Guthrie, Oklahoma.
Pray over these major events of gatherings of people as we see the man in Pauls Valley, Oklahoma, that the principal of the school was a hero in my opinion jumping on that young man that had the gun trying to do all that and had a misfire.
That's only by the hand of the Lord protecting the youth there at that high school.
I know when we pray and we see results on the news and there's no explanation for it other than the Lord.
So it's Mercury, Mars, Saturn, and Neptune, a rare planetary alignment on April 20, 2026, will feature that.
And the best day is the 18th.
Okay.
Best time mid-April, particularly April 18th, 2026, approximately 30 to 60 minutes before sunrise.
Like I said, you have to get up early.
It's pretty amazing though.
I'm just like, 'Lord, I know you circled that day,' and we've been praying over it.
Saturday is a day that really stands out to me.
We're praying over our nation, our president, and any kind of hidden attacks—the enemy within, a Red Dawn experience, D-Day—all the things that I have been praying over for quite some time now.
I heard 'mass casualties.
' I was praying over mass casualties today.
As I was praying, I heard that word and the Lord said, 'Pray over mass casualties.
' Mass casualties—a lot of them.
And he said, 'There will be a lot of mass casualties.
Pray against this.
' I was in that place of—not just travail, but deep intercession—praying for mass casualties concerning a major event that somebody is trying to do.
So I'm praying against that, interceding for the safety of our nation and for Europe.
It's not just about America; it's about the Catholic Church in Rome, it's about France, and it's about black swan events.
This is all going to be for what I keep seeing: it's to bring forth distraction because of what's going on with the oil and all the things that we see going on with Iran.
And I saw darkness.
I saw again last night a major storm.
I saw a massive storm.
I keep telling you all about this, but as we were praying...
Show me this.
What is this, baby?
Turkey.
I showed it to you.
Let's play this real quick and then let's get to it.
Now, this is interesting because if you remember what the Lord showed us about cattle in the days ahead, I saw drought across America, Australia, and these areas.
I saw farmers not being able to afford to take care of cattle because of the drought.
That's why, ever since then, I have been praying for the rain.
It came out of this word, and the Lord said, 'The price of hay and feed will be too much per head for the ranchers to maintain a big herd.
' Because of the price of beef, they'll be dumping these cows on the market because they can't afford them.
I saw that the butchers were too full.
The slaughterhouses were full because there are so many people trying to dump cows.
There are not enough resources to take care of the cows because of the drought.
That's why the Lord said, 'Pray and take authority over your area for rain.
' So that's what we've been doing over Tulsa and over where my mom and dad live.
They pray their prayers.
We are all agreeing that we get rain over Oklahoma because I know, and even over Texas, I heard there is no water.
There is no water concerning rain.
I saw a Dust Bowl.
I saw farmers leaving their tractors.
There was something wrong with diesel.
The tractors were parked—big John Deere tractors were just in the fields, not moving.
I saw John Deeres across the land and that there was something wrong with the diesel.
There was something wrong with the tractors.
Like I said, I don't want to add to or take away from anything, but instantaneously I'm thinking there's something going on with the water.
Then I heard, 'There is no water.
There is no water,' and I saw drought, and it was severe.
I saw a very hot summer, unusually hot.
And then I saw long-track tornadoes from the storms that we did have.
But the Lord said, 'Use your authority over the weather.
Pray, take communion, go around your town and call in the rain for weather manipulation.
' Remember weather manipulation and weather modification with weather warfare?
Weather warfare.
Do you remember that weather warfare?
They're manipulating the weather.
There's something wrong with the weather.
Then I saw a haze upon the earth.
I said, 'The sun looks different in the days ahead.
' The birds and the deer are all migrating and breeding too early because the deer were confused because of the way the sun looked.
Something was off.
Animals and things started roosting in the middle of the afternoon because they thought it was time to get around.
I said, 'This looks like an eclipse.
Something goes on.
' I said, 'This sun looks weird.
' It's all in the same vision.
So I'm telling you what the Lord shows me, as I hear in part and see in part, as we go into the rest of this spring.
Don't be satisfied with an inch of rain or two inches of rain.
Keep praying.
Whenever you see a breakthrough of a little bit, like we've had recently—we've had two days of rain, but it wasn't that much.
It was like a quarter of an inch or half an inch, for which we're thankful, but we need inches in Oklahoma because it gets hot here.
And so you go, 'No, we're thankful, Lord, but bring more.
' We're supposed to get some more tomorrow night, and then there's nothing in the forecast.
They go, 'Well, this is April.
We're going into May.
No rain.
' That's not good.
We need truckloads of rain.
Pour it out.
You pray over your area because there are many of you that have emailed saying, 'Brandon, it's dry in Florida.
We don't have any rain in North Carolina.
' Well, we're getting a lot of rain in Seattle.
They always seem to get a lot of rain up there, I guess.
But we need rain over the central part of America for the breadbasket, over where all our crops are—the wheat and the corn.
Remember the corn was in rows, and I said they started to turn into dollar signs?
I said they look like corn nuggets; the nuggets on the corn looked like coins.
There wasn't that much, there was something with it, but it became obviously expensive.
The corn cob became expensive as I saw the rows of corn.
I found it.
You don't have to play it.
The corn.
April 12th.
The Lord's talking to us about the corn, praying over the corn.
I saw genetically modified corn.
The Lord said they try to make a super-seed, and when they do, it will not produce at all that year.
There'll be fields that will not have any growth; they'll be completely barren.
Now, I want you to hear this guy.
He's ex-CIA.
This man is ex-CIA.
I don't know who the guy with the shaved head is, but he's a YouTuber.
My son said he has a lot of followers—Mario.
He has like a million followers.
But he had this special guest on a show, and I want you to hear what he says that goes with what the Spirit of the Lord told us about a week or two ago.
Now listen to what this guy said today.
This happened today: 'The key now is to get the Strait of Hormuz, try to restore production in the Gulf, and get oil production back up to where it was.
It's going to be months, if not a year or two, before they can restore production to where it was on February 28th.
The economic tsunami—I'll call it that—this wave that's going to sweep the world is going to create economic damage on par with what we saw during...
well, we didn't see it, neither you nor I were born, but during the Great Depression of the 1930s.
I just got a taste of it yesterday visiting with one of my neighbors who has a ranch.
I'm in Manatee County, Florida.
You know, 25 years ago, Manatee used to have 120 cattle ranches.
Now they're down to like 10 or 11.
So the rest of the cattle ranches have sold out, and they're building homes.
Anyway, I asked him, "How's it going with your cattle ranch?
"' He goes, "Well, number one, we're paying $2 more a gallon for diesel, so our fuel costs are way up.
Our fertilizer cost has tripled.
" And then he said, "I've got a problem because we've had a drought.
This was not a consequence of attacking Iran, but we've had a drought.
" And as a consequence of that drought, he has to supplement the cattle feed with hay that they'll eat.
He said last year he would buy 40 bundles at $40 a bundle, so $1,600.
This year, you can't find—he needs 90 bales of hay and that's selling at more like $100 a bale.
So all of a sudden he's gone from $1,600 to almost $9,000 just to keep the cattle fed, to keep them alive.
Now that's happening not just to him; that's happening across the United States to farmers everywhere.
Particularly, the diesel fuel costs are up, and it's happening to farmers overseas.
So the potential for a significant food crisis as some of these farms collapse or go bankrupt.
They can't continue in business.
They're not able to harvest the crops.
So that's what I'm saying.
The political-economic effects of this war have yet to even be felt.
Then we're seeing the commodity markets, particularly the oil markets; they're not normal.
I mean, there are some shenanigans going on because when the tanker arrives at port, the oil that's coming off that tanker is going for about $140 to $150 a barrel.
In fact, I saw in Singapore it's $210 a barrel.
That's pretty amazing.
I didn't know anything about Singapore and the $210 because the Lord showed me $200 a barrel and I was praying over that.
I hadn't seen that, son.
That's amazing.
So 150, that's a lot.
And so we see the results of things that we knew were coming because the Lord and I saw great anti-Semitism coming towards the Jewish people and it came out of what's going on with Iran right now.
And so the part that I was concerned about was Braden talking about the cattle because I saw genetically grown, lab-grown meat trying to be really pushed in the days ahead when a new type of virus comes out for cattle.
And I saw them saying, "We're going to try to push worm burgers and cricket burgers.
" Do you remember me giving the word about that?
Cricket burgers, worm burgers, bug burgers, saying, "Hey, we have to have an alternative meat source because meat is too expensive.
There's something wrong with the cattle, and there is the drought and all this.
" And I said, "What, these farmers are going to be dumping the cows?
" And I saw organic meat farming was skyrocketing; people were making big bucks off organic meat because they say, "Listen, this is organic.
This is right off the farm, without all the preservatives and all that stuff.
" And so people were trying to find meat.
So it goes with the end times where we are.
I truly believe these are the signs and the times of the birthing pains as we see the days approaching.
The birthing pains are becoming more and more.
It's like some family members that say they're going to raise quail and rabbits and other things like chickens; people are talking like that.
It's all trying to think how to get ahead of the curve of what we believe are the birthing pains and the beginning of the sorrows.
So that the body of Christ is the head and not the tail, above and not beneath.
Now, I'm not telling you to store up your 30-year food supply and have a garage full of it, but it's interesting where the Holy Spirit is leading some people because of where they live and where they're able to do it.
Now, somebody in New York City is going to be a lot different than somebody that's in the country in Oklahoma.
God has a plan for every single one of us.
And whatever he tells you to do, do it.
So, I can't sit here and tell you, "Well, you live in LA and you live in New York City and then you live in Leach, Texas," and it's totally different because it's a different economy everywhere.
It's like somebody said, "Do you know it's $25 an hour for parking in LA to go downtown?
" $25 an hour to park your car!
Just to park your car, to get out of the car.
25 bucks an hour and they were saying it's over $9 a gallon for gas.
I can't even imagine that kind of stuff.
I'm just going, "What is going on?
" But that shows $9 a gallon average in LA, and I'm thinking that's a lot of money for a gallon of gas.
But I saw a mass exodus of major cities: LA again, Chicago, Boston, New York.
People fleeing over this summer to the point they were all coming to Central Park and the South trying to like—we've had enough.
People in New York are saying, "We've had enough.
We can't live here.
It's too expensive.
We've got to pack up and we've got to move south.
We've got to go to Oklahoma and these other cities that are down there and we'll populate those.
" And I saw real estate in Oklahoma that would be hard to come by, rental homes and things like that in the days ahead because people were going to be leaving trying to flee this $25 for parking.
"We can't afford to live here anymore.
We can't afford this gas.
" That's what people were acting like.
And I remember in these visions I saw it, but it was by design.
When they came, I saw tent cities, so much so that there were tent cities like Skid Row and people were all over the place, but revival broke out.
I've talked about this for several years telling Brad, "I see fields full of people coming here trying to get a better life, but then they don't have enough to get here.
" They are broke, and the finances and all the things that I have told about the finances—praying now, I've already talked too long; 28 minutes.
But I just think it's interesting as we see these things happening on the news.
Talk show people are talking about what's going on.
And then one sister told us, "You have no idea.
I live in Europe and you're not hearing what's truly happening in our country through your media.
You're being censored to the point where you are truly not hearing what's going on in other parts of the world.
" What do we not see through CNN, Fox, ABC, NBC, and wire news channels that we don't see on X or whatever?
I'm thinking, "Is that true?
" So, if that is true and you are in these other countries and you say, "Brandon, you all are clueless.
What's going on over here?
We live in Africa.
Tell us.
" Tell us in the comments down below.
Say, "Y'all aren't here.
You really don't know truly what's going on in Asia.
You truly don't know what's going on in Africa or South America.
You all are clueless what's going on in Venezuela right now because your media is not telling you.
" And if that's true, tell us because I'm curious.
We get these emails and I'm thinking, "Are these people just pulling our chain?
" We get a lot of emails from all around the world all the time.
Diana is continually telling me, "Did you know this is going on in this country and all this?
" And I'm going, "Wow.
" I realize I have so many people following me from all around the world.
So, we're just old country people in Oklahoma.
We don't know.
But it's interesting because there's so many of you from all over the place.
Let's pray.
I'll give you just five minutes here.
I saw Cuba a lot last night.
I saw sniffers.
And when people say, "What is a sniffer?
" It was airplanes sniffing for atomic bombs—nuclear.
I saw these sniffers going throughout...
I saw sniffers that were on poles in major cities in Boston and these other areas.
I saw that they had a way of being able to detect backpacks and suitcases, using some kind of sensor.
It was able to sniff them.
And that's what I was talking about.
I'm not trying to be weird saying, 'Well, you're sniffing things.
' No, that's what the Lord called it.
It was sniffing.
Now, like I said, I saw it.
It looked like a big plane with a big nose, and it was an actual flesh human nose on a plane sniffing the land and the areas.
I knew that was a symbolization of something, and that's why I said I don't know.
I tell him I've seen a plane sniffing things.
I see a plane flying through the atmosphere trying to sniff things.
I see poles and electronics sniffing things.
And the Lord said, 'This is not real sniffing.
This is a detecting early alert system.
' I saw Fidel Castro during the old Cold War last night, and I saw that he was given a weapon of mass destruction that they have hidden for decades from Russia.
It was the Cuban Missile Crisis; it looked like a briefcase.
It looked like some kind of thing that they were trying to hide underground in a mountain in Cuba, trying to cover it with some kind of metal.
I kept hearing, 'Don't go at this with pride.
Don't go at this with pride, for they have something secret inside.
Don't be prideful.
Don't underestimate your enemy.
' I saw lead, and the Lord was showing me there's something about lead they used to hide this thing so it would not be detected through metal and mud.
I don't understand it all.
I am just seeing this in part, hearing in part.
But I saw these brass hands that looked like giant hands, massive fingers like Fantastic Four, the rock guy—the way his body was rock.
These fingers looked like rock, but they were brass.
And the brass went up like a bowl.
'That's it, son.
Just like those hands.
Do you see those?
Show those hands.
' They were that big, that thick.
These big rock-looking fingers were brass and they went up like a massive bowl, formed around like a cup.
And in the middle of the palm of the hand, Marco Rubio was standing there in a suit.
I saw these hands embracing him; they looked like brass, shiny, and it was concerning Cuba.
As he was standing there, the Lord said, 'This is personal to him.
' I saw it was personal.
I saw relatives, people that meant something to him who were attached to Cuba.
I saw him rise up and I saw a liberation coming to the Cuban people.
I saw our military, certain units with crosses that were symbolic to this.
Now, I'm not going all into this for a reason.
There's a lot of you who will never make it to the end of this video.
I'm not trying to be snide; I'm saying there was a reason why the Lord waited until many of you left.
But I try to give you what I feel in my spirit, too.
If you want to pray with it, pray.
I saw these hands.
I saw that the guy who was over it had chemical warfare weapons for viruses that, when people got them, they got these big sores on their bodies that looked like fire ant bites, round like a half dollar.
Some were sores and boils all over the body, full of white infection with a black center.
It was nasty.
I don't know if this was smallpox.
But I saw a canister that looked like a cylinder with a biohazard symbol on the side.
As I was praying, I heard 'burros'.
Burro—Braden said 'burro' means donkey.
As we were praying in Spanish, the Lord showed us about mules in the night.
I saw the American Coast Guard with radar on the tip of their boat, spinning around, able to detect if there was trouble in the water coming towards America.
I saw the United States Coast Guard heavily patrolling Florida, and they were not able to penetrate the patrol like they were when Joe Biden was here.
Thank God for President Trump.
I saw these patrol boats really doing their jobs.
They knew they couldn't get past our first defenses, so they were trying to devise a plan.
But the Lord said they don't have weapons like Iran does.
The rockets I saw didn't have the capability to strap a payload like Iran would; they didn't have the ability to strike America like Iran.
Now, if I'm wrong, I'm wrong.
But that's what I saw.
Now, you say, 'Well, Brandon, they do.
' I saw that they didn't.
If they do, then I missed it.
But I'm telling you what I saw in the vision.
I saw our heroes—our men and women that protect our nation.
God bless them.
The Lord said, 'Pray for them.
' That's all I will say.
And I saw cyberattacks coming to Cuba in the darkness again.
I saw a liberation and the Lord said, 'Do this by surprise and keep your mouth shut, leadership, for don't underestimate your enemy.
' Announcing things and too much chatter is not healthy for the people going in, the ones risking their lives as you sit behind a desk pushing a button.
Be still.
Pray for them.
I saw the chatter in the still of the night, like in Venezuela.
The Lord said, 'Watch this.
Pray for them.
' But out of retaliation, that which was in the mountain was used upon the land.
The guy in Cuba is nuts—the leader.
I saw a mountain glow with a ripple of a wave that looked like an atom bomb.
It went straight up and off the side of a mountain in retaliation to him losing his position.
I thought, surely he wouldn't do that to his own people.
But it was on the side of a mountain, looking like a mushroom cloud.
I saw Fidel Castro's face and his beard.
The Lord said he got this weapon back when he was in power and he's had it the whole time.
It was a trade with Russia—I don't know what they traded, maybe oil.
It was during the Cold War.
I heard 'KGB'.
So that's a little rundown for those who don't want to pray with us, so you can keep up and maybe help pray.
I can present it to you, and if you don't want to pray, don't.
But I pray you do.
Pray for Cuba, pray for our president, pray for them to make great decisions.
We must take no counsel from the ungodly as we pray for Cuba and Iran, that this ends quickly and they get all the plutonium.
Uranium.
Thank you.
We're not in Back to the Future.
It's what the Russians are after.
All of it is coming to a head, folks.
I truly believe we're about to see some amazing things with the church, but as we see these things, it's going to get darker in the world.
We're getting closer and closer to the Lord's return, and I'm excited to be a part of it.
Are you?
So let's pray.
Was that a good highlight?
Did I get enough?
I could go into real detail, but I'd spend an hour on it and I don't want to.
How long was that?
Not too bad, 41 minutes.
Father, we just thank you for the body.
Ow, my elbow just popped.
Did you hear that?
Wow, that was loud.
Goodness gracious.
Thank you, Lord, I'm healed.
Thank you, Father.
My knees, my body...
Thank you, Lord.
I'm getting this weight off.
Obesity is terrible on your joints.
I'm telling you, the more I get this weight off, I tell myself again that I am never going to get back to that because I'm moving around better the lighter I get.
Obesity is hard on your joints.
Your joints are screaming, 'Please get this weight off!
' As you're walking down the street, they're asking, 'What are you doing to your knees?
' It's incredible.
Weight is heavy, and when you carry a lot of excess on your body, your joints and ankles scream at you when you exercise.
They are trying to tell you to get that fat off your body.
We've got to be physically fit for the coming of the Lord so that we are able to live long and finish strong.
There are so many of you who have so much inside of you, but like me, letting weight keep us held back prevents us from being able to help those around us.
We're breathing hard.
We snore when we sleep.
With sleep apnea, you stop breathing and your body's telling you, 'You're too fat around your neck.
You've got to get this fat off.
' You've got to take care of your bodies.
That's what the Lord has been on me so strong about: 'I need you to take care of your flesh so that you're able to live long and finish strong for what I've called you to do.
' After a while, you just yield.
You can find other things to eat that are better.
I find little things that I like better than chocolate now, but it takes retraining yourself.
I'm trying.
It's so important.
I see so many people in the body of Christ who are so heavy, too.
Here I am, I'm still heavy, but I'm getting there.
I still see such a need to talk about health because we are eating wrong.
Fast food...
I try to measure my food every day now.
Subconsciously, food has been a vice for me where I just ate whatever I wanted.
But now I measure it and try to be precise in how much I'm eating.
I take the time to use a scale and say, 'There's ten ounces, that's all.
' Or, 'Here's seven ounces.
' Measure it and look at what's going into your body.
The Lord said, 'I want you to weigh your food.
Not just measure it, weigh it.
Take note.
' I have an app, and every single time, I document what I put in my body.
It's not fun, but I say, 'Well, I had ten ounces of chicken and ten ounces of this.
' I measure it and it keeps track of your macros, all the protein, and everything.
It shows how much protein you had versus carbs, and it helps me.
I look at it and say, 'No wonder I was almost 300 pounds.
' Looking back, you think you're not eating that much, but then you see what a cup of yogurt is.
This good stuff that Dina gives me for probiotics is good for your stomach and helps your bowels move.
You have to keep that regular; it keeps your body flowing.
You don't want backup in your colon; you want to keep your bowels moving.
There's so much to a healthy lifestyle to keep us going so that we are able to live long and finish strong.
I've been ignorant to it until the Holy Spirit got on me and I started researching.
I watch Dr.
Berg and others and study them.
It's interesting.
I just try to help you all because it's something that I've dealt with.
We don't drink alcohol.
I know a lot of people who do, but we don't touch it.
My vice is coffee.
I love Kona coffee and Jamaican Blue Mountain coffee.
I could drink it all the time.
I used to drink eight cups a day or more, and Diana said, 'We're going down to just two.
' I said, 'No, we're not,' but I'm doing it.
I'm pulling back a little bit.
It's okay.
You don't have to have eight cups.
Drink a little tea, drink more water.
That's why I get these waters.
Someone blessed me with these, and I'm so thankful.
I have Fiji water and I drink it throughout the day now.
Megan loves it, but it doesn't always have to be those things.
Just try to find things that are treats for you.
Good water is a treat.
I'm just trying to help you.
If we don't get this stuff under control, we're in trouble.
I see so many people in the body of Christ with diabetes who go to Billy Burke's lines and say, 'Please, I'm dying of diabetes and my liver's quitting.
' They have cirrhosis of the liver, not because of alcohol, but because they eat too much McDonald's.
I'm like, 'You got cirrhosis of the liver from McDonald's?
' I got fatty liver disease from McDonald's, not from drinking beer.
My goodness.
They look pregnant because their liver is quitting.
The Lord told me, 'Brandon, you've got to get this.
' When I went for my labs, the doctor called me and said, 'What you're doing is working.
' He said, 'Your labs are better than anyone I've seen in my clinic in a long time.
Everything is perfect, even your testosterone is getting better.
' He said he hasn't seen labs as good as mine in a long time.
All my markers are in the green.
He said, 'Brandon, you're doing it.
You're really healthy.
' There was only one thing I needed to work on, but all my minerals and everything were perfect.
I give all glory to God.
I said, 'Lord, you're keeping me.
' The anointing will keep you just like Moses; his eyes didn't grow weary.
They didn't grow dim.
They lived long and finished strong.
And here he was 120 years and he just gave up the ghost.
He went home.
But I'm telling you, we don't have to go home feeling like trash.
And I thought, why not talk about health—certain bread, certain things, eating right, doing real good grains that are good for your colon instead of eating all the trash and the processed they keep feeding us for all the prescriptions and all the stuff they keep putting us on and the pharmacy?
It's a hamster wheel.
It just keeps going.
We get on a certain pill and you got to take that the rest of your life, and then that pill makes this symptom over here and that pill doctors this symptom, and the next thing you know, they come to a Billy Burke meeting with a bag of pills that looks this big and you go, 'I'm on 17 different medications and this medication affects this medication and this one over here affects this one and I've got to have all six; if I don't take all six, I die.
' And you go, 'But I need healing.
' And I'm looking at it going, 'This is bad.
I got a bag of pills.
Look at this.
You look like a medicine cabinet.
' And you're going, 'My goodness, a pharmacy loves you.
' And I'm not making fun of it.
I'm thinking there's a problem when this pill affects this pill and you got the symptoms of this, and I got, 'Well, I'm taking Ozempic and I'm injecting it in my stomach and I've lost all this weight, but now my face looks like this and I don't know what to do with it.
' My face looks funny and I look like I'm not even really human, but I look skinny.
And then they say, 'Well, it's causing blindness in people.
' Now people are going, 'I don't know how to see, but I'm skinny.
I can't see you, but I'm looking good in my face.
' And I'm like, 'There's a problem.
' It's just being real with you.
Father, we just thank you for the body, and Jesus paid the price for it, living health.
But I think there's a lot to organic.
There's a lot to growing your own food.
And what I see coming—knowing how to do a garden, knowing how to grow tomatoes, knowing how to catch fish in a pond instead of buying packaged fish or whatever.
Learning how to live off the land more like our ancestors did, being more attentive with things and saying, 'Listen, there's just something about it.
' Finding a way, Father, I just thank you for your body.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've done for us.
I thank you, Father, for every person here tonight that we find that place of health that we don't have all these pills injecting and all these things going on in our bodies.
But Father, we're so grateful that you paid the price for us.
And you said you'd give us wisdom if we ask for it.
And so I'm asking you right now, Father, right now in the name of Jesus, give these people wisdom.
Give them wisdom on what to do with their bodies so they don't keep living this way.
We need them.
We need them on the other side of the camera.
We need them to stay and live long.
We don't want them going home when they're 50.
We don't need them going home when they're 45.
'Well, what's wrong with you?
' 'I don't know.
I don't feel good.
' Father, we need them, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
And it's all hands on deck.
We need every brother and sister around the world, whatever they got to be able to add their supply.
And so, Father, I thank you, Lord, that we have become more conscious with our health.
Help me in my health journey.
Every single one of us needs a health journey to take better care of our temples to represent you better.
And Father, it's something I pray for every day.
Something we struggle with, Father, in the natural.
But I know that whenever I am weak, you make me strong.
Help me and help us to help other people around us and that we walk in healing and health and wellness.
And Father, that their marriages are good, that their children are healthy, and their spiritual health is good.
I thank you, Father, that we're going from glory to glory and that we're not dissatisfied with where we are.
No, I want to be in the place of overflow in my health, in my marriage, with my children, with the finances, with whatever God has for me.
I want to live an abundant life.
Father, that when we leave and if we go by the graveside, you look at us and you say, 'Well done.
You did good.
' I want him to say, 'You left it all on the field when you were playing the game.
You left it all on the field.
You didn't hold nothing back, son.
' You tried, Father.
I tried.
I didn't let anything hold me back.
At least go down fighting.
Don't just lay over and let the devil run you.
I'm going to run you back.
I'm going to—good measure, pressed down—I'm going to sow my seed.
I'm going to come after you with the sword of the spirit and the shield of faith.
I'm going to knock your teeth in and I'm going to go down fighting.
I'm not going to sit there and lie down and go, 'Well, woe is me.
' I'm going to fight the good fight of faith.
A good fight is a fixed fight and a fight that you win.
But there's sometimes people go home.
I'm not being ignorant to that.
I see people that live and they live by faith and they go home.
But to be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
You still got the victory, but at least you went down fighting, not rolling over for the devil to run you down.
I take communion.
I believe with all my heart and I know because Billy talks to me about people.
They believe him for healing for cancer and they don't receive it on this side of the earth and they die.
There's been a lot of people that do that.
Did they get whipped?
Did they lose?
No.
They still overcome on the other side by the blood of the lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We still get the victory even in death on the other side.
Finish your race strong.
Father, we thank you, Lord, for the body.
And we do.
We take this right now in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Lord.
Amen and amen.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
And we take the blood and we apply the blood over us and we plead the blood over our minds, our emotions, our sleep.
As we sleep, we sleep uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We have good dreams, sound sleep, not tormented by fear, not tormented by worry, not tormented by the boogeyman or whatever.
I'm covered by the blood.
And I thank you, Lord, you could protect my wife, my kids.
Father, I thank you that you said, 'I've never seen the righteous forsaken or the seed begging bread.
' He'll always take care of you.
And I thank you, Lord, that you provide for us.
I thank you, Lord, for creative ideas to get wealth.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers us from the top of our head to the soles of our feet.
And we're going from glory to glory.
Forgive us of our sins, Lord, all the things we've messed up on.
Even whenever we don't even realize we did it, we know that it's all under grace and by mercy, Father, we are able to do it anyway.
You're so wonderful, Father, that you took care of all of us.
And amen and amen to that.
We take the blood.
Don't worry about everything, worrying and fretting all the time.
It's a habit I have to break.
Say, 'No, I ain't worrying about it.
Not taking a thought about that.
I take the care out of my thinking.
' I'm not going to take the care of this.
Worry will kill you all the time.
Just sitting there worrying and fretting about things.
What are you going to do?
I think that's some of the things that I've overcome with high functioning.
You'll fixate on things in the past.
And so I break that off of me.
You have to renew your mind with the word.
We all got stuff we're overcoming.
I'm just real about it.
Isn't it a sweet presence, Braden?
I think it's interesting when I feel like that.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
I can feel the brush of angels' wings.
I see glory on each face.
Surely the presence of the Lord is in this place.
Surely you still got that one lined up for me, hun.
I like it.
'Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
' And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
And I shall feast at the table spread for me.
'Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life.
' I believe it, Father.
And I shall dwell in the house of the Lord forever.
And I shall feast at the table spread for me.
He prepares a table in the presence of all your enemies.
He prepares that table.
He has it set.
He has a big old pot roast or maybe if you're a vegan, you have some cabbage or something.
But either way, you're enjoying it and he has it all there and you're just enjoying your cabbage soup and I'm enjoying my pot roast because I eat meat.
But we're all having a good time together.
He has it spread there.
He doesn't even care if you like meat or not.
He says, 'I don't care if you're vegan.
' And I got a lot of vegans watching me.
I say, 'Hey, Brandon, I don't like it.
You like eating meat.
' That's okay.
We can agree to disagree, but I'll watch you eat your cabbage.
I'll eat it with you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
We're all so fearfully and wonderfully made.
He loves each and every one of us, and he prepares that table before us in the presence of all our enemies and he's up there saying, 'I've got a plan for your life.
' So, Father, right now, we pray over that plan for every single one of them.
Father, there's so many of them there right now that are asking, 'What is your plan for my life?
' And they don't know.
They're asking you, Father, for direction concerning, 'Do I have a call?
Do you want me to do this?
What do you want me to do?
' You're young right now and you're watching.
You're about 18 or 19 years old.
You're thinking, 'Where should I go?
It's time for me to go to college.
Should I go to college?
' I know I have a career, but I really don't know what I'm supposed to be doing with that career.
What should I be doing?
What should I plan?
Oh, the world's coming to an end.
But here I am.
I'm young, and I don't know what I want to do with my life because I'd just like to live normal.
We occupy until he comes.
You don't put your eggs all in one basket.
Invest.
Do things right.
And if the Lord tells you to go to school to be a doctor, go to be a doctor.
No one knows the day or the hour when the Son of Man is coming.
So anybody that tells you they know the day and the hour is a liar.
They don't know.
The Bible says they don't.
But we know the seasons, right?
So we see the seasons and we know by watching the fig tree.
We can see around us.
We see right now all this going on.
But the day or the hour, nobody knows.
Will we know the year?
Maybe the month.
Could be.
But I'm telling you, keep doing what you feel in your heart to do and have peace doing it.
That's what I'm praying for you right now.
There's so many people asking, 'What should I do?
Should I get married?
Should we have kids?
' Occupy until he comes.
Follow the peace of God for your life.
Let peace be your umpire.
Let peace be your guide.
Follow the peace.
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons and the daughters of God.
We're led by his spirit.
How does the spirit lead us?
By a still small voice on the inside of us.
Peace.
Peace that passes all understanding.
And the more you become friends with him, the more you sit at his feet, the louder he gets.
You say, 'How do you hear, Brandon?
' Time.
Not a microwave.
Day by day, I spend time.
And as you practice his presence, the voice becomes louder and louder to the point where it seems like he's yelling.
And I can hear him and I know my father's voice.
Whenever it gets a little funky, when I'm not spending time, you have to go back to the basics, the ABCs.
What are the basics of Christianity?
Read your Bible, pray, and worship.
Talk to him and worship him.
Give him praise and thanksgiving.
Thank you, Father, for all that you've done.
Thank you, Lord, for providing for me and my son, my daughter, my wife.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Father.
You have everything we need.
Now, Father, we worship you.
We praise you.
Sing songs to him.
Sit at his feet and read his word.
And that is the basis, the ABCs.
Go to church, listen to sermons, whatever you got to do.
Feed your spirit.
And the peace that passes all understanding will guide you.
Find the scripture.
The peace that passes all understanding will guide you.
I know I'm saying it right.
You find it.
So you want to follow that peace.
This is Philippians 4:7: 'And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus.
' It's going to keep you.
It's going to guide you.
It's going to help you go down the road that you're supposed to go.
The more you get in his word, the more you follow and you hear him.
By keeping him first in your life, you're not going to be questioning what you should be doing because you're going to hear his voice more and more.
There's so many people telling me, 'I don't hear him at all.
Brandon, can you help me?
' And the only way you're ever going to hear the Father is by spending time with him.
Even whenever you say, 'Well, I don't feel anything.
My relationship's dead.
' Those that seek me will find me.
Those that knock, the door will be opened unto them.
And the more you knock, the more you seek him, you will find him.
How bad do you want to find him?
How bad do you want your life to change?
Read the Bible and you pray.
Give him praise and thanksgiving.
And I'm telling you, you will start to hear him, and he'll get louder and louder.
'And the peace of God, which passes all understanding, shall keep your heart.
' It's probably because it's in the King James Version; it will guard your heart and your mind in Christ Jesus.
It's guarding you.
I don't know what scripture I was talking about, but it's about the peace.
It's about the Holy Spirit, the Spirit of Truth.
It will lead you and guide you.
But I was thinking about whenever he said the peace, following your peace.
Sister Billy would help me.
She knows the scripture I get for the peace.
Letting the peace that passes understanding...
yeah, there it is.
John 16:12-14 right there.
'I have many more things to say to you, but you cannot bear to hear them now.
' See, even Jesus couldn't give you everything.
Remember, he was on the earth.
He said, "I can't give you everything.
" So, people get mad and they say, "Braden, how come you don't tell me everything?
" Even Jesus couldn't say everything.
So, of course, I can't say everything.
He said they can't hear it right now.
They don't have ears to hear it.
I have more things to say to you, but you cannot bear it right now.
But when he, the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all truth.
That's it, baby.
You found it.
But when the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all truth, full of complete truth.
For he will not speak of his own initiative, but he will speak whatever he hears from the Father, the message regarding the Son.
And he will disclose to you what is to come.
Holy Spirit in the future.
He will glorify and honor me because he, the Holy Spirit, will take from what is mine and will disclose it to you.
It's that peace.
It still didn't really talk about the peace, did it?
But I believe that was it.
That's probably what I'm looking for.
But he will lead you with peace.
Let peace that passes all understanding.
I'll find more scriptures for you and I'll bring it to you better because I know it's there.
Mama's not here.
Diana knows a lot more.
She memorized the Bible a lot more than me.
She's smart.
But Father, I just thank you, Father, for every single one of them.
Every single person who's led by the Spirit of God.
Father, that they will hear your voice and a stranger's voice will not follow.
We thank you, Lord, that they are not lacking any good thing.
That every single thing they have set out to do, Father, they will be victorious in it if they are inquiring of you.
So, we inquire of you tonight.
We inquire of you.
What do you have us to do with our lives?
What do you have us to do with our lives, Holy Spirit?
Everything David set out to do, he inquired of the Lord.
So we inquire of you.
Do you want us to go to college?
Do you want us to be a doctor?
Do you want us to be a farmer?
Do you want us to be a veterinarian?
Father, we inquire of you.
And I thank you, Father, for those that are led by the Spirit of God are the sons of God.
And we're led by your Spirit.
We're led by the Prince of Peace.
That peace that passes all understanding.
We hear your voice and a stranger's voice will not follow.
Now, Father, we pray over our President tonight.
We pray over President Trump.
We pray over this nation.
We pray over the peace over his mind.
We take authority right now in the name of Jesus over every demonic spirit that's trying to come against him.
And we thank you, Lord, that the angels of the Lord are around and about him.
I cover him in the blood in the name of Jesus.
Father, we're so thankful, Father, as we repent for looking to him to change things, but knowing that if we inquire of you and we pray that you'll use him even in the days ahead to fix this nation, Father, it takes a God-fearing man.
And we thank you, Lord, that President Trump is having a road to Damascus experience as they're bickering back and forth of him and the Pope and all this stuff going on there.
Father, it's just the devil trying to stir things up.
Lord, we take authority over it.
And Lord, we're not having all this strife—a house divided cannot stand.
And Father, we'll not have a house divided.
It's all right, son.
Don't worry about it.
A house divided will not stand.
And we believe that there's peace over our nation, over our politics.
We pray in the name of Jesus, over our Senate and the House to get the bills passed before it's too late.
For the Clarity Act, Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over this and the bankers that are holding this back.
We take authority over it right now in the name of Jesus.
And that Father, it's time for the Clarity Act to pass.
There's a good vein there.
We take authority over the principalities and the powers, those demonic spirits that are trying to hold this back.
I command you to bow your knee in the name of Jesus.
We call the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
We call this bill to pass tomorrow.
We call the agreements to happen before the end of tomorrow, Friday.
Before the 1st of May, we call this completely done in the name of Jesus.
This is the time for the rocket to take off, that clarity will come and a new industrial revolution will come.
And we believe, Father.
Yeah, it's Colossians 3:17.
That's the one we're looking for.
"And whatsoever you do, whether in word or in deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.
Let the peace of Christ rule your hearts, since as members of one body you were called to peace.
And be thankful.
Let the message of Christ dwell among you richly as you teach and admonish one another with all wisdom through psalms, hymns, and songs from the Spirit, singing to God with gratitude in your hearts.
And whatever you do, whether in word or in deed, do all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him.
" So I messed it up obviously, but Father, I thank you.
I'm on that Clarity Act, Braden.
This is real.
And we can push this over tonight.
I believe we can push this over in the spirit tonight.
Let's do this.
Let's just push this over.
I don't need any more scripture, baby.
It's good.
Okay.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
We call this done.
Get your hands off of it in the name of Jesus.
We call the wealth transfer to begin in the name of Jesus.
We call the interest rates to be normal, to come better.
Father, we call the economy to be stimulated.
We say in the name of Jesus for supernatural turnaround in the finances of the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous, the ones that are listening.
We call it in right now in the name of Jesus.
We call the things to change right now in the name of Jesus.
Father, that the new industrial revolution will happen in the name of Jesus.
We call it forth in Jesus' name.
All blockages—there it is.
All blockages be unblocked.
I see the cloud.
I call the blockage to be unblocked.
Do you hear that when I said I call the blockage to be unblocked?
I see that critter.
The Sooners are about to start the race.
I see it over there.
I see the race.
I see them on the land line.
Oh, blessing without sorrow.
He'll give us riches without sorrow.
We call an unblockage.
I see certain ones going $5.
I see it moving.
I call a blockage unblocked.
I call the river to flow.
I call the blockage unblocked now in Jesus' name.
Braden, push it.
Push this rock out of the way.
It's a major boulder in this road today.
Push it out.
All that is on the other side of it, all that this water river flowing.
I see a great dam in the middle.
I see a great boulder in the middle of this river.
And the river is about to—you know, whenever you see a cork and you see the pressure of it about to shoot this thing.
It almost looks like it's a projectile.
Move it in the name of Jesus.
All hidden things be revealed and the things that are associated with holding it back.
JP Morgan, move out of the way in the name of Jesus today.
Bank of America, move out of the way in the name of Jesus today.
Chase, Wells Fargo, BlackRock, move out of the way in the name of Jesus today.
And the other—I see another lining up.
They're all getting ready to fill their cup.
I see a big cup and I see JP Morgan.
They got a cup and that river is flowing and they're getting their big buckets and they're filling their buckets up.
It's the new dot.
com—a new dot.
com, greater than the new dot.
com.
I see clarity, and then I see a bill here, a little bit down the stream, and I see another kind of bill here.
But as it goes down here, these first stages are where the blessing flow will be.
I see a blessing flow.
There's a bill to pass here, and then down the river, there's another one.
But this one down here shuts off for the public in a way because it's already like...
whenever you see it.
He said, 'Well, Brandon, it's no different than if you were to have bought Apple stock when it first started out versus now.
' That's what he said.
If you buy it now versus when it first came out, it's a big difference, huh?
Some things that He tells you to do will be just like that.
He says some things He will tell you to do will be just like that.
When Apple first started, when Microsoft first started.
That's interesting.
You have to pray about which one it is.
Isn't that interesting?
He said as it flows down the river and it's growing, this down here, whenever it first started, it looked very volatile.
People don't understand it, but as it grows, they think, 'Man, if I could have been a part of that.
' The Lord said, 'They kept saying, "I remember when.
"' Don't be one that listens to them.
Don't be one that says, 'I remember when.
' Follow the leading of the Holy Spirit to what the Lord is telling you to do.
What is your Microsoft?
What is your Apple?
What is the Lord telling you?
You have to follow the voice of the Lord for what He's telling you in these last days.
It's interesting, huh, Braden?
Because whenever you see Google and you see these companies when they first start out or Amazon, or Elon Musk, it's the difference of being too early, too late, or just right on time.
It's being just right on time, following Him when it's right on time.
What is He saying for you to do?
Whatever He says for you to do.
If you plant certain seeds in the wrong time, it will not produce like it was supposed to.
You say, 'I'm going to plant my corn in the fall, but it's supposed to be planted at a certain other time.
' Do you understand?
It's an illustration.
You're planting it when God says to plant it to bring maximum harvest.
So Father, we call for clarity.
We call clarity the first phase—the first phase of clarity.
We call the first phases of clarity to be clear.
We call clarity to be clear and that we know that there's nothing going to hold it back anymore.
We call the clarity clear, and then Father, whenever the other bills pass, Father, this is it.
Let the river flow.
This is interesting, Braden.
Watch Saudi Arabia when it comes to this.
That's what I say.
Watch big nations when it comes to this.
I see Saudi Arabia.
I see Japan.
I see nations in South America.
I see billions of dollars in retainers—Saudi Arabia and these things.
I'm talking about oil countries.
Watch them.
Keep watching what they do in the days ahead.
Watch the Trump boys.
Keep following them.
Watch what they do.
Isn't it interesting to watch people anyway?
I'm a people watcher.
I like to watch habits.
Watch what people do.
If you're listening to the Holy Spirit, you'll catch it.
It's like this: there's a superhighway of all of it, and I can see it, but you've got to reach up by faith and grab a hold of it and pull it down.
I'm going to hear what He tells me.
I'm going to grab a hold.
He said it's a still, small voice.
I'm going to receive what He has for me.
I catch it with a catcher's mitt.
I receive what He has for me.
Like somebody playing baseball, they catch it, bring it down, and then they throw it—but they caught it first.
Catch it by faith, what God has for you.
I receive what the Holy Spirit's trying to tell me tonight on what to do to change my life.
If I'm supposed to be a doctor, a lawyer, or go to school—whatever He's telling you to do, we do it.
I catch it.
I receive it.
I put my spiritual antenna up and I hear what the Holy Spirit has for me.
You may be called to ministry.
You say, 'Well, I'm supposed to go to Oral Roberts University this fall.
I'm going to learn to be a pastor.
' I want to go and get a theological degree.
I'm going to go over there and learn more about this.
I'm a baby Christian; I just want to learn.
It's good to have knowledge.
Whatever He tells you to do, do it.
If you don't know, get quiet and listen to Him.
It might be starting a company or becoming an electrician.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for the flow.
The river is flowing and we call it done in Jesus' name.
Clarity, come now in Jesus' name.
Even before June, I see it come.
He'll be your ultimate source.
Some of you will pay off your house in a day.
Some of you are going to pay off your homes within a day with an idea.
You'll say, 'I'm debt-free.
' And then there are some of you that will be able to say, 'Hey, I'm officially retired and I'm able to help out with the revival.
' Move out of the way in the name of Jesus!
Stone roll away!
We speak to the mountain and we tell you, 'Be removed.
Be cast into the sea.
' Mountain, go!
I see churches being paid off in full.
I see supernatural harvest coming to John Kilpatrick.
I see a great flow of finances coming to the Church of His Presence.
I see supernatural finances coming to John Kilpatrick's church.
I'm talking about a gusher full of blessing.
I see his face and I see the paint on the stage.
I see the church's sign on his podium there, and I see blessing on this man.
There's going to be blessing on this family and on John Kilpatrick and his church—finances, blessing.
People in his church have invested and done things, and it's going to be a great day for them.
It's going to be a great time—supernatural abundance of finances.
They have people in their congregation that have listened to the Spirit of the Lord on what to do, and I see supernatural finances coming.
I don't even know if their church is paid off, but I call it paid off.
I call for supernatural new buildings, bigger buildings, blessing, increase, multiplication, and favor for what God is about to do in this area in the end times.
Remember I told you about the water coming around his feet?
Do you remember that as a sign of provision, the glory?
The Lord said, 'Do you remember I told you, Braden, about the water coming around his feet?
It came up out of the Gulf.
' This water was a representation of the glory and the finances about to come on that man.
Isn't that interesting?
I've never even talked to these people, but there's blessing coming on them.
And I see the same thing for Perry.
There are people in Tennessee that have done what the Spirit of the Lord has told them, and supernatural finances are going to flow.
Oh, hallelujah.
I see it.
The Lord said, 'It is my abundant supply to get the job done for what's about to come.
It's the abundant supply ahead of time.
Watch what I'm about to do.
This is the rocket fuel for the rocket.
Get ready.
' The rocket is the glory, the outpouring, and this is going to fund it.
This is the funding of it.
Listen to what the Spirit of the Lord tells you to do.
Whatever He says to do, do it.
I see a rocket taking off, being filled with fuel and the end-time glory.
It's the mechanism which travels time for harvest, and you'll know what to do when you get it.
You see, there are older elders who have been around the block.
He needs people who are mature; they are bridled.
Do you see how these are men that are bridled?
They're not immature.
I see great wealth coming on my friend Billy.
I get so excited about that.
There is going to be such a blessing on folks that they won't have room enough to receive it all, and they're going to dump it out and help people.
He said, 'I am your exceeding great supply.
' They've done what I told them to do.
Certain ministries will walk in abundance to get the job done.
They are bridled; they're not stupid.
People that are just flying out are just being careless.
He said, 'I need people who are mature that will handle the wealth I give them and not let the wealth control them.
They control the wealth.
' The old generals are dead to self.
They know the mission.
They are in the last phases of their time on the earth, but they will never taste death.
The Lord wants to get this done.
We're out of time before the coming of the Son.
He's saying, 'In my return, I need people who are bridled and will do what I tell them to do.
' He's trying to tell you how to get it through you so we can get this job done.
I saw a boulder blocking the flow, and I saw rain in the clouds that looked like a TV.
It was digital in the clouds, and it began to rain.
There is a beginning of rain, a new dot-com era.
Remember the '90s?
A new era of time, a new digital AI age.
AI is about to take off like we've never seen.
AI is going to change the world in a way—cures for cancers, cures for diseases.
I'm seeing it being birthed out of this new Industrial Revolution, like the Industrial Revolution when it came the first time with Benjamin Franklin, electricity, cars, planes, and trains.
It's scary because of the way they are genetically modifying babies and animals.
I see them bringing back a saber-tooth tiger and a woolly mammoth.
I see genetic modification to bring back prehistoric dodo birds and plants that were gone.
They are going to start bringing things back with AI, playing God.
Watch.
This is the part of the quarter that you like, Brandon.
Thank you, Lord, for days of refreshing like this.
Watch what happens with Cuba.
The sanctions and blockades will be lifted off their economy in the days ahead.
Free trade will flow, and money will come.
That is their history.
We call the Castros removed right now in the name of Jesus.
Let the river flow over Cuba.
I see a blessing coming on South Korea.
I see a well of finances coming out of South Korea concerning the digital age.
They are going to be one of the leaders.
I see South Korea becoming like a glowing flower, a leader in this industrial growth.
I see beautiful neon colors, electric flowers like a daisy.
The Lord said that's new growth of the digital age.
China will try to spring forth, but they won't be able to harness it like other nations because they are an enemy of themselves inside their government.
I see a big flower coming out of South Korea, but I see a lot of little plants like saplings all over China that only grow so far because they have things knocking them down.
It only has sprigs of growth across the field, like neon green anime.
It has a cap on it and won't grow higher because of control.
The moment it tries to grow higher, it gets killed.
But South Korea brings forth a beautiful flower.
Their government has too much control over their people, and that's why they are not able to flower.
These companies need to really let go.
It looks like there are black things growing on it; it's disease.
I see a green stock with red flowers that look like a flower I've never seen before.
It's up right here, Hong Kong, son.
It springs forth a flower in layers, but the stock has a fungus killing it.
A beautiful flower that looks like it could flourish will not grow as much as it should.
Across the land, there are little bitty stalks of little plants coming up.
I can see them, but they're not growing like they should because of communism and their hand in people's business, not letting their economy grow because they are afraid of losing control.
I see South Korea become very blessed.
It's up by Beijing; I see a spring forth.
Is Beijing the capital of China?
There is a growth coming up out of it, and it looks beautiful, but there is a black fungus on the flower.
I have to get back into it; I want to see more if the Lord allows me to.
Russia has a blue flower that looks like little blueberries all over these plants.
I see Israel.
I see it even growing up in Argentina.
It's a long place in South America, right on the water's edge.
I see crypto coming here too.
I see Rio de Janeiro, where they had the Olympics.
Where does the statue of Jesus stand?
Brazil.
The Jesus statue flashed before my face; he's on the hill, and I see springs of growth coming out of this.
It's still growing and things are happening.
The Lord says, 'You won't be able to avoid this.
It's the new way, a new wave of digital.
' This is all leading to the beast system.
As you look at the world changing, there are springs of new growth.
All plants start out that way.
Hibiscus is South Korea's flower.
That's pretty neat.
I get amazed by some of the things he shows me.
I see new plants, but some are very small because they're at the beginning stages.
The bigger the plant, the more foundation they have.
New things are coming into Russia and these areas.
I saw Israel and they have plants coming forth, but as I was looking into Israel, I saw oil in the Mediterranean, right out of Gaza.
I saw an oil derrick coming up.
Plants for them were derricks coming up in the ocean.
I saw black derricks popping up all over the water.
We thank you, Lord, for the wealth of the wicked laid up for the righteous.
We will hear you and know the new flow of what you have for the body of Christ.
Principalities work through personalities, and we call for a cease and desist in your maneuvering.
Let the blessing of the Lord come on his people through creative ideas.
We come against all attacks on Coachella.
We thank you, Lord, that there are no mass stampedes, riots, or terrorist attacks this weekend.
We pray a hedge around it, over Justin and all the people gathered there.
There's a black onyx alligator lurking in the water concerning Coachella.
It's waiting in the water; it's predatorial.
The Lord said it was lavender that you were looking at over Russia.
When you breathe it in, it gives you peace.
We call peace over Russia and Ukraine.
Whenever the atmosphere shifts like that, I can feel it.
We call peace over Russia and Ukraine; cool heads will prevail.
We call the war to stop and cease, and that they would come to an agreement concerning the land.
I see Macron and Zelensky.
The one thing holding it back is Ukraine joining NATO, and it's being influenced by Zelensky and Macron.
Zelensky's days are numbered.
There will be an elderly man; it will be pro-Russia and pro-Ukraine.
We call for peace over Russia and Ukraine.
I see lavender.
It's so interesting, Braden; I see a peace like you breathe it in.
You breathe in lavender, and it gives you that sense of peace.
Now, I don't know if Russia is known for lavender, but I can smell it.
It's what was growing over that land.
When I was looking at Coachella, then I went clear over there and saw the thing tonight, but I could smell lavender.
The Lord said, "Call peace over Russia and Ukraine tonight.
" I see Russia taking that land, and there's a pause coming.
He wants a pause.
There's a reason; there's something going on.
I see so much purple and stars.
I see what would look like diamonds on the breath.
The people of Russia breathe; they take a deep breath, like a sigh of relief.
Do you understand what I'm saying, son?
There are agreements that have been made and will be known soon.
I see Zelensky—something is going to happen, and you'll hear a sigh of relief for a season, like lavender.
You'll remember this.
I hear the Russian choir again.
I see Turkey, and he's not satisfied; he's stirred up.
I can hear it as they breathe a sigh of relief.
But I can see Turkey, and it's about Israel.
Turkey is devising a plan to come after Israel with Syria.
It's Macron who is the problem because they want World War III.
They're trying to bring forth the Mahdi.
That's why I keep seeing World War III above, trying to provoke this.
But I sense the lavender and the smell coming up out of prayer; it's a fragrance of peace.
Do you get what I'm saying, honey?
I see Zelensky.
There is such corruption, and he's being removed, and then there's a split.
I see Macron.
I see the royals in England, and they want to bring forth this New World Order, this Agenda 2030.
They want war over their area, not peace; this is false.
They want to bring control over the people, the banking, and these black swan events by flooding the Muslim population to bring down European culture and NATO.
The alliance with Zelensky is coming to an agreement, but I see him going and an old man coming in.
I see a sigh of relief and the number four.
I see a sigh of relief with the Russian flag and a golden number four.
The white, red, and blue are rippling over this golden, mirror-like four.
I see World War III, but then I see the people praying and the lavender peace.
People are praying for peace because there's so much blood being shed over Ukraine.
Zelensky is going.
We call for him to be removed and for a better leader to bring peace.
No NATO right now.
As you see Trump withdrawing troops from NATO, he's causing a type of peace.
Trump says we're out; we're done.
Zelensky needs to be done.
I see a new leader, and the Russian bear backs down.
They want the land up to Kyiv, and they want to divide it—half theirs, half theirs—with a proxy government established over Ukraine.
Father, we pray over the Boston Marathon and the times ahead.
We thank you for peace tonight.
I feel the anointing; there's a healing coming over Ukraine and Russia.
I see President Trump and Putin talking about the 'Art of the Deal' concerning NATO.
He wants to break the alliance.
Remember this: the 'Art of the Deal' concerning Ukraine, NATO, and Russia in the days ahead.
Trump's going to use this as a chess piece.
It's important to pray for him, but don't idolize him; keep Jesus first.
He's just a man.
But watch, the 'Art of the Deal' and NATO will bring a sigh of relief.
This will also concern Cuba.
I see compromise between big leaders.
Thank you, Father, that people stop dying.
We give you praise.
Thank you that every terrorist is brought to justice.
I thank you that the FBI, Homeland Security, the CIA, and local law enforcement are finding them and bringing them to justice.
Wherever they are hiding, I call you found in Jesus' name.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
There's not a rock they can hide in—no cave, no bunker, no nothing.
Father, you will find these men or women and you will bring them to justice, and there will be no acts of terror upon our nation.
We call every demonic assignment down, and we pray a hedge around President Trump, that he takes no counsel from the ungodly, and we put a bloodline around him in Jesus' name.
And we thank you, Lord, for JD Vance.
We pray over him too, and Marco Rubio.
And we pray peace over this nation.
We call joy, and we thank you, Lord, that the days of revival, days of blessing have just begun.
Days of fun have just begun.
And we turn this through prayer—that this is a time of refreshing for Russia, for us, Father—that they will be stopping the bloodshed.
And we thank you, Lord, that every plot, every plan across this land will be brought to justice in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Lord.
That's wonderful.
Right.
I'm telling you, what I'm seeing is really nice.
It's beautiful.
The lavender, a sigh of relief.
It's like a sigh of relief.
It's beautiful, son.
But the Lord wants to bring some refreshing for some folks.
That's what it's about.
It's like I see it and he wants to deal with this.
That's why he said, 'Pray for President Trump.
' When you correct some things and you repent, do you realize God is not mad?
He's not mean.
But he wants his bride to do what they're called to do: repent and just change.
The moment you repent, the moment your heart is for the Father—'I repent, God'—he's not mad at you.
But he expects you to change from the wicked ways.
And that's why he said, 'If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and turn from their wicked ways, then we will hear from heaven; he will heal our land.
' He's doing the healing, but it took us to repent and turn from it.
Lord, we're not going to idolize Trump.
We're not going to do that.
We repent for having an attitude like that.
Lord, you're the only God before us.
Only you are holy; only you are worthy.
The moment you start having a heart like that, he turns it and fixes things.
He heals the land in repentance.
We're sorry, Lord.
We repent.
And how many of us last night—there's so many people, I've gotten the emails—'I was wrong, Brandon.
I repented.
' It brings a fragrance before the Father.
He's not mad, but he will not allow people to take the glory.
You see, and the moment you change, he is always love, but he expects people to act a certain way.
Don't act like that.
But the moment you say, 'Daddy, I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have done that.
I had a heart...
' The true heart of repentance means to turn away from; it's to turn away from.
And there's so many of you right now that all you've got to do is just come to him and just turn away from what you've been doing.
'I'm sorry.
I shouldn't have been doing it.
I repent.
I make things right.
' And if you're here tonight, it's time for you to do it.
Repent.
Turn away from it and make things right.
Get right with God tonight.
Get your heart right before a holy God.
He wants to give you time, chance, and chance again.
But we're running out of time.
And right now, he's just saying, 'Will you turn from your wicked ways?
Turn from it; I love you.
' The wages of sin is death.
This is going down the wrong road.
But the moment you seek him and you say, 'My heart's been wrong.
I shouldn't have,' boom, he's there and it's gone.
He wants to fix things.
That's a good dad.
That's a good father.
The moment you repent, he'll fix it.
And tonight, you may be here and you say, 'Brandon, I want to make it right.
' I know it's late.
I don't even know what time it is, but we've been here praying for a long time.
All you have to do right now is just say real quickly: 'Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
I repent of my sins and I turn away from them.
Tonight I ask you to forgive me.
I ask you to wash me with your precious blood.
Jesus, I believe that my name is written in the Lamb's Book of Life right now as I speak.
You're writing it in there.
Jesus, I serve you all the days of my life.
I will be your friend, a companion forever.
You're mine.
We're both walking this out together.
Tonight's my night.
I turn from my wicked ways and I'll serve you from this day forward.
I repent of it and I believe you are the Son of God.
' That's it.
If you just say that out of your mouth, I just believe you got born again.
I know it's late, like I said, but if you just say that sinner's prayer and you just gave your heart to Jesus Christ, welcome to the family.
Tell us in the comments section tonight, 'I just got born again.
' We just want to rejoice with you.
We'll give you a Bible for free if you just email us in the description down below.
We want to rejoice with you and be excited about your decision tonight.
Like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and be a part of our YouTube channel.
We want to just take the time to tell you we love you and we're excited you're here.
There's so many of you that need prayer, and there's so many people that we just want to let you know we love you and we're rooting for you.
We're always in your corner praying for you.
We're excited you're here tonight.
We know it's late, so we'll close with that.
And just know we're praying for you continually and we love you all, every single one of you.
As I take the next two days off, I'm going to take time to pray, and we'll be back if anything happens on Saturday.
I pray it won't in Jesus' name, but I'm going to take some time and get refreshed here and we'll be back Sunday and we'll pray again with you.
But we love you.
Enjoy your couple days here.
Get caught up on some of the videos if you haven't watched them.
I know there's a lot of content there for you to watch.
There's fifteen of you that gave your heart to Christ tonight in this little bit of time.
That is amazing.
And we love y'all.
We count it all joy and keep your head up.
It'll be a beautiful weekend.
Good night.
Have a blessed day and a pleasant tomorrow.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you.
We love you.
Good night.
God bless you all.